Adds Input With Missing Required Fields (#41)
graphql/composite-schemas-spec: spec/Section 4 -- Composition.md

### Pre Merge Validation

#### Input With Different Fields

**Error Code**

INPUT_OBJECT_FIELDS_DIFFER

**Formal Specification**

- Let {inputsByName} be a map where the key is the name of an input object type, and the value is a list of all input object types from different source schemas with that name.
- For each {listOfInputs} in {inputsByName}:
  - {InputFieldsAreMergeable(listOfInputs)} must be true.

InputFieldsAreMergeable(inputs):

- Let {fields} be the set of all field names of the first input object in {inputs}.
- For each {input} in {inputs}:
  - Let {inputFields} be the set of all field names of {input}.
  - {fields} must be equal to {inputFields}.

**Explanatory Text**

> This rule ensures that input object types with the same name across different subgraphs have identical sets of field names. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule ensures that input object types with the same name across different source schemas have identical sets of field names. 
```

> Consistency in input object fields across subgraphs is required to avoid conflicts and ambiguities in the composed schema. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consistency in input object fields across source schemas is required to avoid conflicts and ambiguities in the composed schema.
```

This rule only checks that the field names are the same, not that the field types are the same. 
Field types are checked by the [Input Field Types mergeable](#sec-Input-Field-Types-mergeable) rule.

> When an input object is defined with differing fields across subgraphs, it can lead to issues in query execution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an input object is defined with differing fields across source schemas, it can lead to issues in query execution. 
```

> A field expected in one subgraph might be absent in another, leading to undefined behavior. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A field expected in one source schema might be absent in another, leading to undefined behavior.
```

> This rule prevents such inconsistencies by enforcing that all instances of the same named input object across subgraphs have a matching set of field names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule prevents such inconsistencies by enforcing that all instances of the same named input object across source schemas have a matching set of field names.
```

> In this example, both subgraphs define `Input1` with the same field `field1`, satisfying the rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, both source schemas define `Input1` with the same field `field1`, satisfying the rule:
```

```graphql example
input Input1 {
  field1: String
}

input Input1 {
  field1: String
}
```

Here, the two definitions of `Input1` have different fields (`field1` and `field2`), violating the rule:

```graphql counter-example
input Input1 {
  field1: String
}

input Input1 {
  field2: String
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Pre Merge Validation

#### **Input With Missing Required Fields**

**Error Code:** 

REQUIRED_INPUT_FIELD_MISSING_IN_SOME_SUBGRAPH

**Severity:** 

ERROR

**Formal Specification:**

- Let {typeNames} be the set of all input object types from all source schemas that are not declared as `@inaccessible`.
- For each {typeName} in {typeNames}:
  - Let `{types}` be the list of all input object types from different source schemas with the name {typeName}.
  - `{AreTypesConsistent(types)}` must be true.

**Function Definition:**

`AreTypesConsistent(inputs):`

- Let `{requiredFields}` be the intersection of all required field names across all input objects in `{inputs}`.
- For each `{input}` in `{inputs}`:

>   - Let `{inputFields}` be the set of all field names in of required fields in `{input}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Let `{inputFields}` be the set of all field names of required fields in `{input}`.
```

  - `{inputFields}` must equal `{requiredFields}`.

**Explanatory Text**

Input types are merged by intersection, meaning that the merged input type will have all fields that are present in all input types with the same name.

> This rule ensures that input object types with the same name across different subgraphs share a consistent set of required fields. 

Reviewer: Are we reverting to "subgraph" naming again?
